Studio Migration (#441)
HarperFast/documentation: reference_versioned_docs/version-v4/studio/overview.md

---
title: Harper Studio
---

<!-- Source: versioned_docs/version-4.7/administration/harper-studio/index.md (primary) -->
<!-- Source: release-notes/v4-tucker/4.3.0.md (local studio upgrade) -->

# Harper Studio

Changed in: v4.3.0 (local studio upgraded to match online version)

Harper Studio is the web-based GUI for Harper. Studio enables you to administer, navigate, and monitor all of your Harper instances in a simple, user-friendly interface without any knowledge of the underlying Harper API. It's free to sign up, get started today!

> [Sign up for free!](https://studio.harperdb.io/sign-up)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sign up for free!](https://fabric.harper.fast/)
```

> Harper now includes a simplified local Studio that is packaged with all Harper installations and served directly from the instance. It can be enabled in the [configuration file](TODO:reference_versioned_docs/version-v4/configuration/options.md "Configuration file documentation"). This section is dedicated to the hosted Studio accessed at [studio.harperdb.io](https://studio.harperdb.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harper now includes a simplified local Studio that is packaged with all Harper installations and served directly from the instance. It can be enabled in the [configuration file](TODO:reference_versioned_docs/version-v4/configuration/options.md "Configuration file documentation"). This section is dedicated to the hosted Studio accessed at [fabric.harper.fast](https://fabric.harper.fast/).
```
